day08/README.md, before:

# Advent of Code 2016: Day 8
Copyright (c) 2016 Bart Massey

Another problem very reminiscent of one from last year. I
think all of them are likely to be like that.

This problem didn't work very well with my old part1/part2
program format. The pieces were tightly integrated, and
besides I couldn't figure out how to get Rust's
`lazy_static` crate to do what I needed for regexps without
creating a separate crate or putting the macro include in
the same file with the main program. Huh. So for this one I
put a single solution to both parts in `soln.rs` from the
beginning.

This was a hard problem for Rust, which always struggles
with 2D arrays and the like. Ultimately, I think I found a
reasonably elegant and extensible solution using function
pointers for the instructions.

The array dimensions are hardcoded in. I set it for 7x3 for
the test problem, found a bunch of bugs, and set it to 50x6
for the actual input.

---

This program is licensed under the "MIT License".
Please see the file COPYING in this distribution
for license terms.

Commit message:

cleaned up the codebase
Changed all the `unwrap()` calls to `expect()` with reasonable messages.

Changed to a new argument parsing interface. Cleaned up some
argument parsing issues in the solutions.

day08/README.md, after:

# Advent of Code 2016: Day 8
Copyright (c) 2016 Bart Massey

Another problem very reminiscent of one from last year. I
think all of them are likely to be like that.

This problem didn't work very well with my old part1/part2
program format. The pieces were tightly integrated, and
besides I couldn't figure out how to get Rust's
`lazy_static` crate to do what I needed for regexps without
creating a separate crate or putting the macro include in
the same file with the main program. Huh. So for this one I
put a single solution to both parts in `soln.rs` from the
beginning.

This was a hard problem for Rust, which always struggles
with 2D arrays and the like. Ultimately, I think I found a
reasonably elegant and extensible solution using function
pointers for the instructions.

The array dimensions are passed as extra arguments. Use "7
3" for the test problem (with which I found a bunch of bugs)
and "50 6" for the actual input.

---

This program is licensed under the "MIT License".
Please see the file COPYING in this distribution
for license terms.
